Copy the address down that RDI is referencing (copy it to your clipboard or add it to the stickies app). You’ll reference it again in a second. Alternatively, did you notice that output preceding the hex value in the p/x $rdi command? In my output, I got $3, which means that you can use $3 as a reference for that pointer value you just grabbed. This is incredibly useful when the RDI register points to something else and I still want to reference this NSView at a later time.




### 地址， 或是 变量（暂存地址）





<hr>

> 0x000000010a33da00


<hr>

<hr>



Stickies
电子便利贴


<hr>


<hr>

<hr>



<hr>




> 
> (lldb) image lookup -rn objc\sIDEPegausSourceEditor.SourceCodeEditorView.*getter 
> 
>
>
> 


// 应该是 这么拼写， Pegasus ， 我搞错啦

```

(lldb) image lookup -rn objc\sIDEPegasusSourceEditor.SourceCodeEditorView.*getter
```



<hr>


<hr>

<hr>



<hr>





<hr>


<hr>

<hr>



<hr>


> 我写的
>
>
> 
> image lookup -rvn objc\sSourceEditor.SourceEditorView/insertText\(Any\)
>
>
> 

// 这里应该是 . 
// SourceEditorView.insertText


```
(lldb) image lookup -rvn  objc\sSourceEditor.SourceEditorView.insertText\(Any\)

```
<hr>


<hr>

<hr>



<hr>




Wait — we’re using Objective-C on a Swift class?! You bet! You’ll discover that a Swift class is mostly all Objective-C underneath the covers (however the same can’t be said about Swift structs). You should confirm this is the case in Swift. To do this, first enter the following:



<hr>



<hr>



The ex command (short for expression) lets you evaluate code and is the foundation for your p/po LLDB commands. -l swift tells LLDB to interpret your commands as Swift code. What you did is essentially imported to appropriate headers to call methods in both of these modules through Swift. You’ll need these in the next two commands.