These commands print out the SourceCodeEditorView instance, and then check if it’s an NSView subclass — but this time using Swift! You’ll see something similar to below:

// 然后就看结果




<hr>



<hr>
<hr>


Using Swift requires much more typing. In addition, when stopping the debugger out of the blue, or on Objective-C code, LLDB will default to Objective-C. It’s possible to alter this, but this book prefers to use Objective-C since the Swift REPL can be brutal for error-checking in the debugger.


For now, you’ll use the Objective-C debugging context to aid in manipulating this NSView.


<hr>



<hr>
<hr>



You can use the image lookup command with the regular expression options to search for all methods of SourceCodeEditorView that begin with the objc bridge and contain the word "getter". In LLDB, type the ever-so-short command:



<hr>



<hr>
<hr>




## Executing private Swift methods


That’s all great, but really, how can you execute private Swift methods?


> Typically, when LLDB interacts with a codebase, it needs to know all about the module’s module map (a file that contains the extension .modulemap). It’s this information that helps you in your typical Swift development, and LLDB needs this information as well to figure out what code it can and can’t execute. Do you remember import’ing the Foundation and AppKit module? This allows the Swift LLDB’s code-execution-compiler (JIT) to interact with the methods within those frameworks through the modulemaps.



<hr>



<hr>
<hr>




When executing Swift code in LLDB, not having that module map will not let me execute code that I know exists. This is much different than, say, in Objective-C (or even just plain C) where the compiler doesn’t try to hold your hand as much.



<hr>


Jumping back to IDEPegasusSourceEditor module, you don’t have a .modulemap file which you can import to access Swift code in this framework. This means you need to creatively figure out the mangled function name for whatever Swift function you want to access, and then use C’s extern to declare it and execute it.


<hr>



<hr>



## Remember, you are favoring doing over learning. You’ll spend more than enough time on the how and why of what’s happening, in the upcoming chapters.




<hr>



<hr>


// 需要三个参数， 我怎么知道的


This will tell LLDB that there exists a method named \_T012SourceEditor0aB4ViewC10insertTextyypFTo that takes three parameters. How in the world did I know this takes three parameters? Check out Section II to gain a better understanding of assembly, and what happens in Objective-C and Swift when a function is called. Now that the method has been declared and LLDB knows about it, execute the following command:



> po extern void _T012SourceEditor0aB4ViewC10insertTextyypFTo(long, char *, id );